Since the days of Ian Nasir and his
famous complaints about copper, the
world has been built on arbitrage. It's
been built on the cost of good X at port
Y and how much you can sell it for down
the camel caravan route for thousands of
years. That's what we've been doing. AI
is changing all that. AI is reinventing
the art of arbitrage and it is one of
the underlying drivers of the economy
that we need to talk about because it is
changing everything. It's underneath
labor. It's underneath tech. The fact
that arbitrage is shifting is one of the
foundational shifts in our entire
economy that AI is unlocking that as far
as I know nobody is talking about. I've
looked who's talking about arbitrage.
Now, let's be really blunt here.
Arbitrage is the art of getting rid of
inefficiency. Most of the world runs on
inefficiency, right? Not brokenness, not
stupidity, inefficiency. Gaps between
what something costs to produce and what
the market is willing to pay for it.
Those gaps are not bugs. They're the
structure of the market. Right? entire
industries, career paths, entire
business models exist because some
inefficiency was just too expensive, too
invisible to close. So the law firm that
bills 10 hours for work that takes two
hours of thinking and eight hours of
doing, that's not a scam. It's that the
business model is built on the
historical cost of legal research or the
consulting engagement where the client
is going to spend hundreds and hundreds
of thousands of dollars on what amounts
to a series of board decks. really what
they're getting there is access to
information that previously they
couldn't get and the fact that it takes
a while to produce it that's always been
tolerated that's part of the arbitrage
uh similarly offshore development teams
right they exist because a San Francisco
engineer costs X and a Bangalore
engineer costs Y these gaps have been
the water that the economy swims in
right most people don't see them we
don't think about them they're
everywhere AI is changing how all of
that works AI is closing those gaps not
slowly the way previous technologies
did, not incrementally over decades
because it took a long time to build
railroads out and reduce the cost of
time to get goods to market, which is a
great example from the past. AI is
closing these arbitrage gaps on the time
scale of model releases in months,
sometimes in weeks, and every time one
closes, three new ones open up somewhere
else. That's the dynamic that we're not
talking about clearly. And I think it's
the single most important thing if you
want to understand the relationship
between labor and capital in the age of
AI. I know this sounds abstract, so let
me make it concrete for you. This is a
true story. In late 2025, a bot on the
prediction market polyarket turned $313
into $414,000
in a single month. It had a 98% win rate
across 6,600 some trades. And it did not
predict anything. All the bot did was
exploit a simple fact. Poly markets
short duration crypto contracts updated
their prices much slower than the spot
exchanges where the underlying assets
traded. So when Bitcoin moved very
sharply on Binance, sharply enough to
make the outcome of a 15-minute contract
very nearly certain, Poly Market was
still showing roughly 50/50 odds. So the
bot bought the mispriced side of the
market over and over and over again
while humans slept. A developer reverse
engineered the strategy and claimed to
have rebuilt a working version in Rust
using claude in just 40 minutes. So the
full stack right-time price monitoring
is a big piece of that. Uh the
probability calculation, position
sizing, automated risk controls and all
of that. So claim the developer was
generated from a single prompt session.
What previously required a quantitative
research team, software engineers, and
risk managers now requires one person
with a laptop and an API key. And that
bot is not alone, right? A separate
claude powered system generated $2.2
million in 2 months using probability
models trained on news and social data.
A swarm model trained on three years of
NBA data reportedly generated $1.49
million trading sports contracts.
Comparative data showed bots using
identical strategies to human traders.
It's not that the strategy was better,
it's that the execution was almost
completely flawless. No fatigue at 3:00
am. No oversized positions on confident
bets. No missed trades during lunch.
Humans knew what to do, but we haven't
been able to do it consistently because,
well, we're humans. The bots can do it
for us. I'm not telling you this to
shill a get-richqu scheme, right? This
is not all about crypto and how amazing
it is. I'm telling you this because Poly
Market is one of the places where you
see the mechanism that I'm saying is
underneath the whole economy with
perfect clarity. The data is on the
chain. The trades are public. The
compression of arbitrage is measurable.
Literally, average arbitrage windows
shrank from 12.3 seconds in 2024 to 2.7
seconds on Poly Market in early 2026.
You can literally watch the inefficiency
in the market closing in real time. That
same mechanism, AI identifying a gap,
building the system to exploit it,
compressing the window until only the
most sophisticated players survive. It's
happening in every industry. You just
can't see it as clearly because most
industries don't happen to publish their
pricing lags in public. So, you might
wonder, Nate, what's actionable here?
How can I build off of this? I want to
give you the taxonomy of where these
arbitrage windows are closing all over
the economy. So, you can pay attention.
Whether you're a builder, whether you're
aspiring to be a builder, whether you're
a business leader, it doesn't matter.
You got to pay attention here because
it's going to shape how all of our
careers work. Once you have this lens,
once you can look for inefficiency that
AI makes newly exploitable, you start
seeing it absolutely everywhere. So
number one, look for speed gaps. One
system updates slower than reality. This
is the poly market case, right? It's the
easiest to understand. The bot reacted
faster than the market could repric. But
the same structure exists in any
business where information propagates
through intermediaries. your
competitor's pricing model. It updates
in real time while yours updates weekly.
Their customer support bot resolves
issues in seconds when your team takes
24 hours. Their hiring pipeline screens
candidates in minutes and yours takes
weeks. Every one of these is a speed
gap. And each one is now closable by
whoever builds the faster system first.
Here's another one. Reasoning gaps, not
speed interpretation. A Fed governor
makes a statement. A regulatory filing
drops. An earnings call reveals a change
in strategy for a major company. The
information is public. It's available to
everyone simultaneously. The gap is how
quickly and accurately someone can
reason about what it means. Can you
update your model of the world and act
on the new probability? LMS do this
incredibly fast and more consistently
than humans. Not because they're
smarter, but because they don't get
tired, they don't get distracted. They
don't go for lunch. So, they can get the
full context of a dock in a couple of
minutes or a couple of seconds. One Poly
Market bot generated 2.2 2 million in
two months using ensemble probability
models trained on news and social data.
Not by having information others didn't
have access to. This was not insider
trading, but just by interpreting public
information faster and acting on the
interpretation before the crowd caught
up. In your industry, the analog is
every decision that waits for someone to
sit on it and read it and synthesize it
and recommend. That wait time is a
reasoning gap and it's closing. Here's
another one. fragmentation gaps. The
same thing is priced differently in
different places because nobody's
looking at all of those places at once.
Sports arbitrage bots will scan
polyarket bets and they're going to lock
in arbitrage against traditional
bookmakers and then lock in margins by
buying both sides when the combined
price implies a mathematical edge.
That's the financial version, right? The
business version is the consultant who
charges so much for an analysis that
synthesizes five publicly available data
sources. The value is not in the data,
it's in the aggregation. And AI now does
that aggregation for free. So the
intermediary whose value proposition is
I can see the silos you can't is sitting
on a fragmentation gap. And that gap is
compressing fast because one thing LLMs
are really good at is pulling
information from disparate sources and
putting them together. If the deep
research report you can pull is better
than your big four consultant, I got
news for you, right? You're not alone.
There's a lot of people who are
discovering that everything was
information silos before and now
information silos are disappearing.
Here's another one. Discipline gaps. The
inefficiency here is not in the market
nor is it in the information. It's
actually in the human executing on the
information. So comparative data from
Poly Market shows that bots using
identical strategy to human traders
captured roughly twice the profit.
Right? It's not because the strategy was
different. It's because they were
perfect on their positioning sizes. They
were no emotional overrides. no fatigue,
no missed trades, and they just made
correct decisions over and over and over
again, which is a lot of how you capture
alpha in a market. That discipline gap
is everywhere in business. The sales
team that knows the playbook but does
not follow it consistently. The content
pipeline that produces erratic quality
depending on who's working that day. The
operations team that drifts from the
protocol when the pressure is on.
Anywhere human performance degrades
under fatigue, AI doesn't just close the
gap by replacing the human. It closes
the gap by enforcing a consistency that
the human cannot maintain alone.
Knowledge asymmetry gap. That's the last
big one I want to call out. And this is
a huge one. This is the macro layer. For
30 years, the dominant gap in the global
economy was a labor pricing gap. Same
work, different costs depending on
geography. So offshore teams existed
because San Francisco was expensive. AI
now replaces labor arbitrage with
intelligence arbitrage. The unit of
value shifts from the person hour to the
outcome. And this is a really tricky one
because it's it's dependent on the
ability of people to use this tool. So
one prompt from the right person can
generate a working system that scales
extremely efficiently. But if it's in
the hands of the wrong person, one
prompt can generate a completely broken
system. And that means that the company
that produces a deliverable in three
hours and its competitor is taking three
weeks to produce that deliverable. The
real value they have is the people who
can use the AI tools that enable them to
take advantage of that intelligence
leverage, that intelligence arbitrage.
In other words, the intelligence
arbitrage is a function of your best
people's ability to use cutting edge
models and consistently grow with those
models. That is one of the most valuable
gaps in the world right now. A recent
piece drew the parallel to CNC lathes in
the 1980s. When computerc controlled
machining arrived, a shop owner could
buy one CNC lathe, hire an operator at
40% of a master machinist's wage, and
produce precision parts in 45 minutes
that used to take 10 hours of
handmilling. And the smart shops hid
their machines in the back room and kept
the machinist out front for clients.
They charged the old rate for work done
at the new cost. The margin for a while
was staggering. Then everyone got CNC
machines. Prices collapsed 60 to 80%.
The the bespoke premium evaporated
because everyone realized it wasn't
bespoke anymore. This is the exact same
arc playing out right now in every
knowledge work industry. The agencies,
consulting, and service firms that are
currently using AI to produce
deliverables at a fraction of the old
cost and trying to claim it's bespoke.
That's not going to last. You've got to
actually produce real value to a
company. You can't just produce
thoughtfulness for a company, right?
Like that that that whole idea that the
future is going to be built by thought
leaders. The future is built by builders
in the age of AI because the future is
not dependent on labor and labor
arbitrage anymore. The future is
dependent on intelligence arbitrage. And
any company can get their best people
inside the house now and have an
intelligence edge over anybody else. And
that is why there is such a fierce
competition for the top 1% of AI talent.
The top 1% of AI talent can write their
ticket because they are the ones that
can best leverage this intelligence
arbitrage which is the new gold currency
of the future economy. But there's a
darker side to the story. I've talked a
lot about the edge. I've talked a lot
about poly market. One of the things
that is true that we don't like to talk
about is that just because AI tools are
now available to everyone. Just because
they are democratized does not mean that
the edge that they give is spread
widely. In fact, you would think when I
talk about this, when there's a million
little linkbait posts about this, that
everyone would be on Poly Market making
money. But it turns out the arbitrage is
being whittleled away and 94 95% of
Polymarket wallets lose money. They're
feeding the successful traders. In that
world, one of the things that is hard to
swallow and hard to recognize is that
the availability of AI tooling does not
equal success or meaningful outcome.
Look, in business, everyone has access
to claude now if they want. Not everyone
has reorganized their workflow or their
decision-making or their feedback loops
or their quality systems around what
Claude makes possible for you. So, the
executive who deploys a chatbot and
calls it transformation is is like the
polyarket guy copy pasting the same
prompt. the consultant that uses AI to
write faster but doesn't change what the
consultant does. All they're doing is an
unsophisticated implementation that the
market is going to eat for lunch because
of intelligence arbitrage. So the gap
here isn't has AI versus does not have
AI. That gap has closed. The gap that
matters is whether you bolted AI onto
your existing process wrong or whether
you rebuilt the process around what AI
makes possible. Correct. That is the new
inefficiency and it's the one that
separates the few percentage points of
people and companies that are succeeding
right now from the ones who are all like
up to their necks and trying to figure
out how to swim in the world of AI. Now,
this is the part of the story that
almost nobody talks about, but it might
be the most important. The conventional
framing treats AI disruption as a
one-time event. It is like a meteor that
hits the dinosaurs. Technology arrives,
disruption happens, new equilibrium
settles in. That is incorrect. What is
happening is a continuous rotation of
exploitable arbitrage gaps, each opened
by a new capability step and each one
compressing on a shorter timeline than
the last. We got a really vivid
illustration of this in just the last
week. On March 27th, a configuration
error in Anthropic content management
system accidentally exposed draft
materials about a model called Claude
Mythos. Anthropic confirmed it exists,
described it as a step change in
performance, and said it's the most
capable we've built to date. Leaked
drafts indicated the model dramatically
outperforms current models on reasoning,
on coding, on cyber security, with one
draft describing mythos as currently far
ahead of any other AI model in cyber
capabilities and warning, it precages an
upcoming wave of models that can exploit
vulnerabilities in ways that far outpace
the efforts of defenders. Right? Scary.
Markets did not wait for the model to
ship to react. The software sector ETF
fell 3% on the rumor of a leak. Bitcoin
tumbled back from $70,000 because of the
risk on cyber security. What if Bitcoin
gets hacked? Cyber security stocks
dropped. Prices moved on the knowledge
that the model exists before anyone
outside a tiny tiny early access group
even touched it. Now think about what
happens when this model becomes
available. Every existing AI system gets
repriced. The poly market bots running
on current claude become the slow horse
all of a sudden overnight. Someone
running the same strategy on a model
with meaningfully better reasoning has a
temporary edge. The edge lasts until
everybody upgrades and then the window
compresses again. Right? Maybe the
two-year compression goes down to uh
from 12.3 seconds to 2.7 seconds to to a
half a second. Right? With a step change
model like we're talking about with LLM,
my point is that the arbitrage window
shifts overnight and it shifts in ways
that are hard to predict in advance. So
the compression by itself is not the
important part here. The rotation is the
important part. So mythos reported
strength in cyber security creates an
entirely new gap that didn't exist
before. Right? The distance between
organizations that have hardened their
defenses against mythos class
capabilities and those that don't yet
know the threat model has changed.
defensive security firms that got early
access will have a window, a real
monetizable edge in protection
calibrated to what this particular new
model can do. And that window will only
last until that defensive tooling is
widely deployed and then it will close
and a new one will open somewhere else.
Similarly, Mythos's improvements in
reasoning will create new capability
thresholds. Agentic workflows that could
not reliably handle complex multi-step
tasks on current models may well work on
Mythos and that unlocks new
opportunities for automation. It creates
new gaps between early adopters and
everybody else. And all of that
compresses as the capability rapidly
becomes table stakes. And Enthropic is
not alone on launching models like this.
OpenAI reportedly finished pre-training
its own next generation model the same
week as the mythos leak from Claude. Sam
Alman told employees that things are
moving faster than many of us expected.
Both companies are racing toward IPOs
potentially late this year, which means
the cadence of capability releases is
about to accelerate. You thought it was
fast already? It's going to get faster.
Meanwhile, Google, Neta, and a half a
dozen other labs are on similar
timelines. Every single release in this
market is a perturbation, a change.
Every change opens new gaps across
multiple domains at the same time. And
every set of gaps is compressing faster
than the last one because the adoption
infrastructure is improving every cycle.
So think about the velocity. In 2024, a
major model release happened every few
months. In 2025, releases were roughly
quarterly and absorption compressed into
just a couple of months. And in 2026,
we're watching markets repric within
hours of a leak draft of a model that
isn't available. And the major labs are
shipping every single day. So the cycle
time between new capability exists and
the market has priced it in is
absolutely collapsing. Which means the
old mental model that's that has
sustained our economy for thousands of
years where you have a a a disruption,
you have a transition and you have an
equilibrium. That model of slow stable
arbitrage change is fundamentally
broken. There is no equilibrium. There
is only the next rotation of the model.
The world doesn't settle into a post AAI
steady state. It enters a permanent
condition of rolling disruption where
the specific inefficiencies that define
your industry, your role, your
competitive position are reshuffled with
every significant model release. If this
sounds tiring, I get it. I'm also tired
sometimes. So the question then becomes,
how do you keep your sanity? How do you
see what changes next? If you accept the
frame that the world is built on slowly
exploited inefficiencies on arbitrage
and AI will collapse them on the time
scale of model releases and every
collapse opens up new opportunities then
the question becomes how do you have a
practical lens to read the future. This
is the biggest question in business
right now. If you ask yourself what's
underneath that question you get three
root cause issues you need to
understand. Number one, for any
industry, any role, any business model,
ask yourself this. What inefficiency is
this built on? Every business model
rests on a gap. Information asymmetry,
execution difficulty, aggregation
complexity, whatever it is, name the
gap. If you can't name it, you're not
going to see it closing. And you won't
see it closing until someone else has
built a system over the top of it. This
is true, by the way, for careers as much
as it's true for business models. I'll
give you a specific example. Do you know
the the arbitrage gap that product
management was built on? It was built on
the fact that engineers did not want to
take meetings and were considered too
valuable to be in meetings. That was the
arbitrage gap that founded the entire
career of product management. Now, it's
changed. It's evolved over the years,
but that's where it started. That's the
inefficiency it started on. Is that
getting reshaped in an age when we don't
need meetings as much and we have
smaller, leaner teams? Absolutely.
Number two, the second question you
should ask yourself in the age of AI
arbitrage that's dawning here. How fast
can AI close that gap? Some gaps are
really structural, even in the age of
AI, and they're going to stick around
for a long time. I'll give you an
example. Regulatory modes, they're not
going away anytime soon. Relationship
dependent trust, physical world
logistics, moving atoms around, being in
the atoms business, genuine creative
taste, hard one domain judgment. A lot
of the others beyond those are very much
informational or cognitive and those are
closing very very fast like on a time
scale of quarters when they used to take
decades to close. Let's be concrete.
Let's say you're a law firm versus
you're a surgeon. A surgeon's judgment
that's not going to close as fast as the
law firm's ability to do research and
bill for that research. The law firm is
going to be in more trouble. Another
example, right? An agency's ability to
control its production costs and bill
for production costs at full freight is
going to collapse faster than a
therapist's ability to charge for the
empathy that they provide. The insurance
company's actuarial analysis gap is
going to close fast because you just
don't need as many people to do
actuarial analysis is used to. And the
negotiator's relationship equity is
going to stick around because a
negotiator, whether they're a real
estate negotiator or whether they're
doing deals other places, that's a
relationship job and it's hard to
arbitrage that out. So be honest about
which kind of gap you're sitting on and
whether it's a structurally stable gap
or not. And then question three, ask
yourself, what new gap does the closure
create? This is where the opportunity
lives, right? And it's the question
almost nobody's asking. Every time AI
closes one inefficiency, it's going to
create some adjacent ones. When AI
collapses the cost of producing content,
the gap shifts to distribution and
taste. Anyone can produce content, but
not everybody can reach an audience. Not
everybody can curate quality. When AI
collapses the cost of code generation,
the gap shifts to system design. It
shifts to integration. Anyone can
generate functions, but not everyone can
architect systems that are going to work
reliably at scale in the age of AI. When
AI collapses the cost of legal research,
the gap shifts toward judgment, toward
client trust. The the research gets
commoditized down, but but the legal
council does not. So here's the pattern.
The new gap is always upstream of the
old one. Closer to judgment, closer to
taste, closer to relationships, closer
to systems level thinking. It's further
from production. It's further from
execution. It's further from information
retrieval. This is the migration path
that's stable. In a world of change,
this is what is steady and it's really
predictable. Once you see the pattern,
you can trace where value is headed in
your own industry even before it gets
there. Let me give you a concrete
example. Right now, a junior financial
analyst job is roughly 70% data
gathering and formatting and 20%
analysis and like 10% judgment calls. AI
is collapsing that 70% of the job
towards zero. The naive conclusion is
that you need fewer analysts. The better
conclusion is that the analyst role in
its entirety is migrating up the stream.
The same person freed from gathering and
formatting can now spend 60% of their
time on analysis and 40% on judgment.
And the gap shifts from who can compile
my data which is the lower level
question to who can interpret the data
in context and make a defensible
recommendation. That is a harder gap to
close because it requires domain
knowledge. It requires institutional
context and it requires the kind of
integrative reasoning that develops
those upstream skills and it requires
the kind of integrative reasoning that
current models don't do very well and
they're not necessarily gaining in that
capability at a super high rate. The
analyst who recognizes this migration
and develops those upstream skills like
judgment, like communication, like
contextual reasoning really, really,
really fast and deliberately, they're
positioning themselves for the new gap.
the one who's just using AI to compile
the data faster is in trouble. Now, you
can argue that some junior analysts are
just not going to do that. And I would
agree with you. This is very much a case
where the revolution is made of
individual people and many individual
people are not going to make that jump.
One of the things that I want to call
out is that that window to make the jump
on your own voluntarily is not going to
be there forever. At some point,
companies are going to decide to cut
bait. And you may not agree with their
decision, but at some point, they're
going to say, "The junior analyst that
has not made progress or career growth
in the last three years, we're not going
to stick around with them. We would
rather just stick with our ones that are
growing." Please, please, please pay
attention to how fast your peers are
growing in your role because if you are
not near the top of the pack, you are at
risk. Okay. What are your takeaways
here? If you are running an
organization, I want to be really blunt
with you. You are living in a world of
collapsing arbitrage. Your company has
existed maybe for a long time on
arbitrage inefficiencies that took
decades to close. All of that is going
away. And it is worth it for you to name
the arbitrage you're building your
business model on. Name whether it's
structural and sticking around or not.
And then name how you are going to take
advantage of the new arbitrage
opportunities that are opening up in the
age of AI. There is no other path
forward. And if you aren't thinking in
terms of arbitrage, you're going to get
blindsided. Think about whether you're
building toward specific edges that are
going to compress with the next model
release or think about whether you're
building toward edges that are
structural. The difference is a really
big deal. If you chase the last window
that was open, you're always going to be
behind for the next window. If you think
about the next window and think about
whether it's structural, you're going to
be in a better place. If you're an
individual contributor, the intelligence
gap that I talked about is the most
relevant one to your career. Right now,
the difference between what an AI
augmented professional can produce and
what a non- augmented professional can
produce is absolutely enormous relative
what to what the market pays for either
of them. Most salaries and most
freelance rates still reflect preAI
productivity assumptions. If you can do
in three hours what used to take you 30,
you are capturing surplus. The market is
paying you for 30 hours of value whether
it knows it or not. The question for you
at this point, are you going to be like
the machinist that took advantage of
that short-term win in the front of the
shop and just smiled and greeted the
customers and tried to like make it look
like you were handd delivering all of
this stuff when in fact you were
automating it with AI and all of that
advantage is going to go away in a year
or two? Or are you going to take
advantage of this moment and move from
being the machinist in front of the shop
to being the person that knows how to
make the machines? Because that's really
where the market is starting to go,
right? If you want long-term durable
value for your career, you can't just
pretend like you're delivering
handrolled data in a world where it's
all AI, you have to assume that the
market is going to start to price those
skills as commodities and move up the
value chain to something that's more
durable. Please, please, please take
this moment seriously. You have a chance
to take advantage of intelligence
arbitrage and show that you are someone
who can architect intelligence systems
that deliver outcomes. That is where the
value is going to lie for labor.
Ultimately, the world has been built on
slowly exploited inefficiencies for
thousands of years. That's why I started
this video talking about Ian Nier and
camel caravans. That's how old this is.
The slowly part is over. What replaces
it isn't efficiency. It's a faster cycle
of inefficiency creation and
destruction. We're not talking about a
perfectly efficient flat market. It's
actually the opposite. It's a very
turbulent market, but it's
microurbulent. All these inefficiencies
are created and they're closed very very
quickly and you have to look underneath
that structure to see the larger trend
lines which is what I tried to do with
this video. I want you to see where the
inefficiencies are moving and migrating
you toward. That is why we talk about
taste. That is why we talk about
judgment. We are talking about things
where the market is essentially slowly
chasing people because it's closing up
these inefficiencies all around them.
The Poly Market bot is just the clearest
example of this. The Mythos leak is a
preview of what is coming next. The only
losing move in this market is to assume
that where you are standing is steady
state. It's not steady state and you
need to plan accordingly. plan for a
world where we have rapid opening of
arbitrage opportunities, rapid closing
of old arbitrage opportunities. And we
need to assume that we are looking for
stable structural gaps in the market to
build businesses around and to build
careers around. And if you're not
thinking that way, you are frankly going
to get arbitrageed out. And that is the
world we're all living in. Best of luck.
find those durable gaps and make sure
that you are using AI to build into the
intelligence disruption, not to be built
out by it. Because effectively in a lot
of cases, I see people who are being
built out by intelligence disruption.
All of the intelligence that's getting
built is crowding them away and they're
not seeing this strategy, right? They're
not seeing that fundamentally there are
a few gaps that are structural that AI
is not closing and they're not jumping
onto those islands. They're just trying
to sort of run faster and pretend they
do AI and price like they always did.
And that's like being the machinist with
the CNC shop. That's just not going to
last. And everything's going to collapse
on that side because it's going to get
arbitrageed out. Take arbitrage
seriously if you if you haven't gotten
excited about it. It's a fundamental
force in the economy. It's how a lot of
value gets created. Understand how it
works. Understand how it works in the
age of AI. And best of luck out there.
Cheers.